yo yo yo its overt flow what's going on
you guys how you guys do today first
things first about gameplay good me
bring you a SMR gameplay just the first
round I believe in this round I go 32 21
I think so 32 kills you're gonna see
with the SMR and I just kind of started
using this gun every once in a while
it's a pretty cool gun I'm not gonna lie
i actually like it more than I thought
that I would because I figured it was
just a crappy version of the FAL but
then I figured out it's actually not
half bad so anyways enjoy the gameplay
you guys today we're going to be talking
about maps and how they can make or
break a call of duty game but before we
get into all that what I need you guys
do is leave a like down below I'm gonna
ask in the beginning of the video this
time just because I want to see the
difference if you guys if more of you
will leave like whatever let's try to
break because we haven't done on a
normal commentary in quite a while let's
try it to break at least 225 likes it
would mean the world to me remember guys
leaving a like a like a comment whatever
that's the real life blood of the
channel without leaving a like um yeah
with leaving like rather you're helping
support the channel and then same amount
you guys don't understand how important
it is so let's try to get up past 225
likes that'd be awesome let's get right
into the commentary topic what's up
little zone you knows I love oh you
alright guys so what I want to talk
about is how maps can make or break a
call of duty having bad maps can make a
bad game and that's just how it is I
really wanted to cover this topic for
quite a while now and I just never got
around to it but we're going to go ahead
and do it here on cargo one of the least
favorite maps of black ops 2 I
personally enjoy it from time to time
but for it seems to me like a lot of
people don't really enjoy the map cargo
and you know what that's what I don't
want to that's what I want to know down
below let me know your favorite map from
black ops 2 that's my question to you
guys um you can say studio or summit or
up like whatever you want to call it you
can't say those masks but I'd prefer it
if you just said any other map i'm
really curious to know i preferred if
you set an original black ops 2 map i'm
curious to know what you guys like let
me know down below
and anyways you guys for the past two
call of duty games the maps at least to
me and to a lot of other people they
have seemed to kind of all run together
they seem like they are all very very
similar they seem like all the maps it
you know we could have we have half the
maps that we have now and it'd all be
they'd also feel like the same map so it
doesn't really matter because to me half
the maps in this game they just you know
they all feel like each other okay
someone apps are really a lot different
like Yemen or turbine that's a hugely
different play style then some of the
maps but for the most part they all seem
to be small mw3 Eskom style maps and if
you guys notice mw3 was the first game
the first call of duty where we've
really called infinity ward Activision
out on the fact that all the maps felt
the same in past call of duty's like cod
for wool award I hated mw2 but mw2 black
ops 1 all the maps felt different there
was variety to the maps mmm let's go
with this one I did not like mw2 at all
but high-rise was it a good map I think
that it was I think was a great map
could you snap on that map yes there
were long lines of sight not just in one
designated location but all throughout
the map you could have long lines of
sight you can do work with a sniper
rifle or lmg if you wanted to pull out
an assault rifle you can work your way
across the top I'm not the top the you
know regular four of the map whatever if
you wanted to use an SMG shotgun you
could work your way underneath in that
in those kind of underground areas if
you want to call them that it was just
the floor beneath the main floor you
could kind of work your way around down
there and up through the building's if
you wanted to use a shotgun or an SMG
and that we're fine so what I'm pointing
out okay how about this how about on
let's say grid on grid and black ops one
you want to snipe you can go up to the
balconies you can say in the back
reaches of map whatever you want to do
you can say in the middle of the map
where it's that big open areas you can
snipe if you wanted but if you wanted to
use an SMG you could go into buildings
easy right now all the games all the
past call of duty's all had maps that
have variety if you wanted to use a
certain type of gun you could do it you
could use any type of gun on any map and
as long as you understood the map you
could do it all right but
the new games mw3 black ops 2 can you
skype on those games sure you can but
the fact is you're going to be at a
disadvantage because these new maps are
geared specifically for SMG users that's
just how does they want to make the maps
faster pace and stuff but what they
don't realize is that that gets rid of
the variety of the maps of Get Rid you
know there's no longer really large maps
and smaller maps now it's all small to
medium maps the medium maps now are
considered large maps and to me that can
make or break a game and what I'm hoping
in cod ghosts is is that they change the
map variety and they make it so that
sometimes we get big maps sometimes we
get small maps that's what I'm hoping
for in this next call of duty do you
agree with me that maps can make or
break a game and what do you think of
the maps in this game and what what game
do you think have the best maps actually
alright guys subscribe if you knew let
me know your thoughts I'm over endo